What gets wet while drying?
towel
What can go up a chimney down, but can’t go down a chimney up?
umbrella
What can you catch, but not throw?
cold
What has many teeth, but cannot bite?
comb
What has lots of eyes, but can’t see?
potato
What has one eye, but can’t see?
needle
What can travel all around the world without leaving its corner?
stamp
What kind of room has no doors or windows?
mushroom
Before Mt. Everest was discovered, what was the highest mountain in the world?
everest
What is the end of everything?
g
What has a bottom at the top?
leg
How far can you walk into the woods?
halfway
Two in a corner, one in a room, zero in a house, but one in a shelter. What am I?
r
Poor people have it. Rich people need it. If you eat it you die. What is it?
nothing
What runs, but never walks. Murmurs, but never talks. Has a bed, but never sleeps. And has a mouth, but never eats?
river
I have cities, but no houses. I have mountains, but no trees. I have water, but no fish. What am I?
map
Spelled forwards I’m what you do every day, spelled backward I’m something you hate. What am I?
live
The person who makes it has no need of it; the person who buys it has no use for it. The person who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it?
coffin
You walk into a room that contains a match, a kerosene lamp, a candle, and a fireplace. What would you light first?
match
No matter how little or how much you use me, you change me every month. What am I?
calendar
I have branches but no fruit, trunk, or leaves. What am I?
bank
What word contains all of the twenty-six letters?
alphabet
What do you get when you mix lemons with gun powder? 
lemonades
What is the longest word in the English language? 
smiles
What five-letter word can be read the same upside down or right side up? 
swims
Which word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? 
incorrectly
What has a head and a tail, but no body or legs? 
coin
What color can you eat? 
orange
What do you call a three-humped camel? 
pregnant
Which word is the odd one out—stun, ton, evil, letter, mood, bad, snap, straw? 
letter
I am a solitary word, 5 letters long. Behead me once, I am the same. Behead me again, I am still the same. 
alone
What is one thing that all wise men, regardless of their politics or religion, have to agree is between heaven and earth? 
and
What has many words but never speaks? 
book
You’ll often find us on a line. When we’re together, it’s a crime. What are we? 
crows
If I am holding a bee, what do I have in my eye? 
beauty
They come at night without being called and are lost in the day without being stolen. What are they?
stars
What word, describing a job title, has three consecutive double letters? 
bookkeeper
I touch the earth and I touch the sky, but if I touch you, you’ll likely die. What am I? 
lightning
If there are five apples and you take away three, how many apples do you have? 
three
What four-letter word can be written forward, backward or upside down, and can still be read from left to right? 
noon